feat: expose merge strategy for configuration when automerging (#10627)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/platform/azure/index.md

# Azure DevOps and Azure DevOps Server

## Features awaiting implementation

> - The `automergeStrategy` configuration option has not been implemented for this platform, and all values behave as if the value `auto` was used. Renovate will use the merge strategy configured in the Azure Repos repository itself, and this cannot be overridden yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `automergeStrategy` configuration option has not been implemented for this platform, and all values behave as if the value `auto` was used. Renovate will use the merge strategy configured in the Azure DevOps / Azure DevOps Server repository itself, and this cannot be overridden yet
```

Are we sure it's `Azure Repos` and not something else?

Author: Strictly speaking, yes. Azure Repos is the product included in the Azure DevOps suite of services (In the same way that Azure Boards is "Microsoft Jira", for instance). The product pages for [Azure DevOps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/) and [Azure DevOps Server](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/server/) are what I'm basing this on.

However, if we've established a convention of referring to Azure Repos as "Azure DevOps" for the purposes of Renovate (which is based around repositories), I can appreciate if we'd like to make this change.

Reviewer: Let's be technically correct then, and use Azure Repos as name. 😉

# Azure DevOps and Azure DevOps Server

## Features awaiting implementation

> - The `automergeStrategy` configuration option has not been implemented for this platform, and all values behave as if

Reviewer 2: Can you create an issue for this instead? Otherwise I'm never going to be able to find this, and it'll never get implemented.

Author: Instead of, or in addition to?

Reviewer 2: You caught my edit 😄 I initially thought instead of, but I think in addition to would be better. Thank you!

Author: This has been formally requested in #10851

> - The `automergeStrategy` configuration option has not been implemented for this platform, and all values behave as if
>   the value `auto` was used. Renovate will use the merge strategy configured in the Azure Repos repository itself, and
>   this cannot be overridden yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `automergeStrategy` configuration option has not been implemented for this platform, and all values behave as if  the value `auto` was used. Renovate will use the merge strategy configured in the Azure Repos repository itself, and this cannot be overridden yet.
```

This should be on a single line. 😉
